questions about people who died in the military or questions about people
who you may have killed in the military are always very sensitive
issues to raise to someone until you get to know them pretty well
but let me just say about what I just fax so you'll know I was in a
unit in Vietnam that was comprised of about a hundred people we had
two people who are on the wall in the Vietnam memorial in Washington
DC master sergeant storm and chief gates died in the Vietnam I knew
them well enough to visit with him and talk to them I didn't know much
about their families or their history or anything but enough to
nod in talk baseball with the more professional matters they did not
die my presence they died away from me but those are two I didn't know
who died in military on the other hand home I had more than four
of my friends and I see more than because you're a couple people I
knew in the marine corps who died I couldn't really consider for this
but let's say for my friends who died in the marine corps from noncombat
reasons and in three of those cases blues automobile accidents
in the last case it was an accidental drowning is nears the neighborhood
establish didn't anything to do with there being in the service